that you will be more mild and tractable .
and fear not , lords , and you , lavinia ,
by my advice , all humbled on your knees ,
you shall ask pardon of his majesty .

we do ; and vow to heaven and to his highness ,
that what we did was mildly , as we might ,
tendering our sister's honour and our own .

that on mine honour here i do protest .

away , and talk not ; trouble us no more .

nay , nay , sweet emperor , we must all be friends :
the tribune and his nephews kneel for grace ;
i will not be denied : sweet heart , look back .

marcus , for thy sake , and thy brother's here ,
and at my lovely tamora's entreats ,
i do remit these young men's heinous faults :
stand up .
lavinia , though you left me like a churl ,
i found a friend , and sure as death i swore 
i would not part a bachelor from the priest .
come ; if the emperor's court can feast two brides ,
you are my guest , lavinia , and your friends .
this day shall be a love-day , tamora .

to-morrow , an it please your majesty 
to hunt the panther and the hart with me ,
with horn and hound we'll give your grace bon jour .

be it so , titus , and gramercy too .


now climbeth tamora olympus' top ,
safe out of fortune's shot ; and sits aloft ,
secure of thunder's crack or lightning flash ,
advanc'd above pale envy's threat'ning reach .
as when the golden sun salutes the morn ,
and , having gilt the ocean with his beams ,
gallops the zodiac in his glistering coach ,
and overlooks the highest-peering hills ;
so tamora .
upon her wit doth earthly honour wait 
and virtue stoops and trembles at her frown .
then , aaron , arm thy heart , and fit thy thoughts 
to mount aloft with thy imperial mistress ,
and mount her pitch , whom thou in triumph long 
hast prisoner held , fetter'd in amorous chains ,
and faster bound to aaron's charming eyes 
than is prometheus tied to caucasus .
away with slavish weeds and servile thoughts !
i will be bright , and shine in pearl and gold ,
to wait upon this new-made empress .
to wait , said i ? to wanton with this queen ,
this goddess , this semiramis , this nymph ,
this siren , that will charm rome's saturnine ,
and see his shipwrack and his commonweal's .
holla ! what storm is this ?